# The following is my understanding only

Randomness is the result of the limited elements that we can access to.

Statistics is subjective. Even using all the data of the entire population, 
data cleaning and assumptions can turn the conclusions less objective.

Correlation does not imply causation.

Faith and understanding can be two opposite locations. You did not analyse
and create theories in science and humanities; but, you chose to believe in
Some of them and not the others. Only a fraction comprehended with your 
experience.

You cannot use fire to put out fire.

Collective memories have to be collective, objectively, otherwise. It will
not be collective.

An artistic image does not have to reflect historical image.

History can be written without long practice but not literature; as to be 
good quality.

Abundance does not reflect profoundness.

Mathematical models and predictions match, precisely or approximatively,
to the experimentation does not imply the existence of the predicted 
objects. Misinterpretation is allowed to exist in the human brains and
conclusions.

The naming of terms or established facts can be coined based on opinions
but may not be of actuality and reality. 

Though our senses trick us, but we never say it 50% exists. We only proclaim
that it exists or it does not exist; 100% vs 0%. If one thing or person lost
half of herself, then it still exists 100%. If there is something beyond
our senses but it exists, then it does. If we can only think based on these
senses and numerous other biased metrics.

If one does not exist, no matter you use the so-called quantum or nano-tech,
there is no way you can manipulate those that do not exist. If unicorn does not exist, then a 
vacuum machine cannot make contact with it. 

The facts can be just over-populated opinions; Jesus's divinity was debated
not settled at the beginning or at least when he was actually alive. The 
First Council of Nicaea was summoned as a doctor argued Jesus was a created
being. Whether Jesus is god, the spread fact is, or can be, unstable. The 
debate happened after the death or the ascension of Jesus for years.

The mythology is an interesting way to understand a culture. If mummies can be
revived and hydrated with some sort of "magic" or technology, but if we do not
have those techniques, then we only say this can be a possibility greater than
0% but not rejecting it even it may sound absurd.

You should keep suspecting facts and think critically yourself. Do not reject
and accept all things as they are told; but, accept those as a possibility until
you can judge and conclude, eternally or temporarily, from all, accessed, 
perspectives.

Data is neither positive nor negative.

Time, psychological speaking, is a necessity to create logic in order to make 
sense of the world but does not exist.? You feel psychological slower when you do sprinting, does 
not mean time slows down same for time dilation 

Correlation mean if positive or negative pattern or tendency is shown,
causation can be the demand of logic as we need to perform understanding,
critical analysis, or prediction.

The Cognitive Logic of humans, if not all higher intelligence, influences how
we think and comprehend things in arts and nature.

If the time we discussed in physics is universally objective, then, besides correlation, why
Time can cause the variance and flow of growth rate.

Predictions, in marco, will only be highly approximative, otherwise. 
There is no game to play. 

As a human, explanation is required by us and gained through Arts and Science,
but, even Arts is human-centric, does not mean the ultimate questions in life
can only or mostly be answered by science. In the edge of edges, humanities
is the only mean, for now and possibly the only, to meet our need for 
explanation not quantified, explained, visualised by science. Such as the 
motive of life assuming that there isn't none.

Mathematical Physics corrupts Experimental Physics, for now. As physics nowadays only requires
itself to fit the data regardless or how ridiculous or unrealistic concepts they have as 
objects. Black holes may not exist as no direct effect or observation was made, but if it is
the most suitable candidate for describing the theory with prediction, then there you go, we got
black holes. Experiments helps, not always.

If you have history of something, then you can have it for zero if it is gone; otherwise, there
will be no zero for that thing.

If a scientist found a tooth belonged to a child in a glacier and found it has the age
of 90000. Scientists claimed the tooth was left in the hole when the child died there.
If a person dropped his daughter's first tooth in a hole, what will a future scientist
say about its origin but say a child died there, what do you think. History without 
full details can never be complete; maybe you can infer from other sources, but it 
terrifies us as it never be complete as ancient as it goes.

What you learned from a book regarding a theory or perspective or point of view from
an author, especially deceased one, may not all come from the author. Other scholars
or editors may add their views without making the source as from them. It does not 
mean the added views are wrong. Especially, if your studies only remains on the 
author or the original point of view, then you have to be careful.

Do not take skepticism too far, it destroys truth, objectively, relatively, if 
necessary. Do it without evidence or in-depth reasoning.

Some said wrong interpretation of information or truth can be forgiven, but. Can
you remember the data - information, knowledge, opinion - from which source it come
from. If not, how can you be sure that you will not be biased or distracted away with
the source of information you so deem disgrace or worthless.

Correlation is drawn, if the size of one's penis does not have any influence on one's
salary, generally or at large, the the correlation still can be drawn. Whenever a 
positive or negative tendency is created, then you have correlation, like the penis
research.

Less development, less consumption, less energy problems.

American army arrived on an island with an aeroplane. There they found natives isolated from
modern civilisation. The indigenous took the American as gods since the military helped them in 
food, weapon, and other knowledge. One day the army left the island; and the naives 
misunderstood that the gods left because of their wrong doing - could be just the army needed
to report back to their home base. So they started ritual and ceremony to ask for gods'
forgiveness. Then you arrived in the island 1000 years later, you found religion. 
